>> Mike North: What hope do we have for
defending against such an attack?
X-Frame options,
it's another HTTP response header.
What you're doing here is
you're informing the browser,
when it downloads the document
it doesn't know until it
gets this document what
it's allowed to do or not.
If someone's put it in an I-frame, it
receives this and it's gonna look at these
headers and say, ha, I am not allowed
to put this inside another page.
I'm not allowed to render this as
anything other than the top level frame
within a browser tab.
Or same origin, the second option here,
that would say, well only render
this as a frame if the top level frame
is always the same origin, right.
This only pertains to the top
level frame by the way.
For anyone who's got, who's unfortunate to
have an app that has an elaborate set of
nested i-frames,
it's the outermost one that matters here.
Keep in mind that Chrome and Safari
are trying to move towards using a content
security policy driven indicator
called frame-ancestors.
So you would want to use that.
And again we have our sources there.
Just like we could say only allow scripts
from yourself and from this domain.
Similarly you'd say only allow
yourself to be framed within x, y, z.
Not all browsers respect this,
older browsers, they predate this.
There is a hack that we can do that
will give us a similar effect.
It's a combination of a style tag and
a little piece of script.
So the style tag, it has an ID on it,
and we're saying don't display the body.
So the difference between visibility none
and display none, just in case anyone
needs to brush up on CSS,
this will take up no space in the dom.
It's not that it's opaque, or sorry, it's
not that it's translucent and still there,
it's as if it's not there at all.
You cannot interact with anything or
see it if it's display none.
And we add !important here.
This is a good use of !important
because we want to supersede
any browser styles that may
exist that apply to the body.
The code on the bottom
basically says as you start up,
compare yourself,
which is self as sort of an alias for
window, think of it that way,
to the top frame.
And you'll be able to access top if you
are being iFramed currently, right.
Sorry, it is there regardless, but it will
be your self if you are also the top.
So if you are the top,
grab this style tag and remove it.
Otherwise we're going to set
the location of the containing frame
equal to our location.
So it's basically saying,
you just i-framed me?
Alright, whatever page you are,
now we're sending you to our domain.
We're basically gonna pop out
of the i-frame and take over.
So this will work in
older browsers as well.